THIS IS ALPHA CODE AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR CRASH YOUR COMPUTER IN THE 
MEANTIME.  I'm not just saying that, I mean it.

I don't have much to say about this right now.  Read the notes
if you feel like it (please do!).  They are at:

    http://pudge.net/macperl/gluenotes.pod

The most current notes are included here, but updates will always
be at the URL above.


WHAT THIS IS
------------

It is an architecture for using Apple event terminology in MacPerl.
It is cool.
It is very unfinished.


GETTING STARTED
---------------

Put the modules where they belong, fetching other needed modules and
installing them, too (Storable, MLDBM, Data::Dumper,
Mac::AppleEvents::Simple 0.60, Mac::Apps::Launch 1.61).

The best way to do this is with the installme program from cpan-mac.

    http://www.perl.com/authors/id/CNANDOR/

This will put everything in the right place, and autosplit where
necessary, and make life simple.

It is not necessary to delete or move the Glue and AETE modules and glues you 
may have now, except where they are being replaced by the ones here.
But you might want to clean them out anyway.

Drop applications on the glue droplet.  Run the scriptadds droplet
to make glues of all your additions (or drop the additions
folder or individual additions on the droplet).  Do the same
thing with the dialect droplet.  Then start playing!

At the least, run the scriptadds and dialect droplets, then drop
the Finder on the glue droplet.

Also, you should have your directory that contains these modules
come before the main MacPerl directory in your paths, or else my
Mac::Types module won't be found.  Also, you don't want the AutoLoader
or Exporter that came with MacPerl to be found, you want the ones
that came with cpan-mac.


PLAYING
-------

Note the label and beep script ... the only changes from the previous
script were these:

  use Mac::Glue::Finder;
  $g = new Mac::Glue::Finder;

became:

  use Mac::Glue;
  $g = new Mac::Glue 'Finder';

Yay.

Seems to be pretty stable so far.  Please play and read the notes
and feed back to macperl-modules (see http://www.macperl.org/
for more details).  Feel free to send any feedback, including
patched, to the list.

Note to take the POD in Mac::Glue and the glues themselves with a grain
of salt right now.  I've not updated them.

See the scripts in the ex folder for more fun.


OTHER
-----

This is not an official release of the Mac::AETE stuff; I've made
a bunch of changes from David Schooley's code, and he'll be making
updates to it.

-- 
Chris Nandor          mailto:pudge@pobox.com         http://pudge.net/
%PGPKey = ('B76E72AD', [1024, '0824090B CE73CA10  1FF77F13 8180B6B6'])
